[Outlook] (sideloading) Reorganize instructions (#4433)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing.md

Though we strongly recommend sideloading automatically through the command line as covered in the previous section, you can also manually sideload an Outlook add-in based on the Outlook client. Select the tab for your preferred Outlook client.

> [!NOTE]
> The sideloading guidance in this section only applies to Outlook add-ins that use an XML manifest. To learn about sideloading options for Outlook add-ins that use the unified manifest for Microsoft 365, see the "Conversion tools and options" section of [Convert an add-in to use the unified manifest for Microsoft 365](../develop/convert-xml-to-json-manifest.md#conversion-tools-and-options).

# [Windows (classic and new) and Web](#tab/windows-web)

> Add-ins are manually sideloaded through the **Add-Ins for Outlook** dialog. To sideload an add-in in Outlook on Windows, on the web, and on [new Outlook on Windows (preview)](https://support.microsoft.com/office/656bb8d9-5a60-49b2-a98b-ba7822bc7627), perform the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add-ins are manually sideloaded through the **Add-Ins for Outlook** dialog. To sideload an add-in in Outlook on Windows, on the web, and in [new Outlook on Windows (preview)](https://support.microsoft.com/office/656bb8d9-5a60-49b2-a98b-ba7822bc7627), perform the following steps.
```

1. In your preferred browser, go to <https://aka.ms/olksideload>. Outlook on the web opens, then the **Add-Ins for Outlook** dialog appears after a few seconds.

    > [!TIP]
    >
    > - If your mailbox toolbar looks like the following image, you're using the classic version of Outlook on the web.
    >
    >   ![Header of the classic Outlook on the web toolbar with "Office 365 | Outlook" as its title.](../images/outlook-on-the-web-classic-toolbar.png)
    >
    >   To access the **Add-Ins for Outlook** dialog, open [Outlook on the web](https://outlook.office365.com). Then, select the gear icon from the top-right section of the toolbar and choose **Manage add-ins**.
    >
    >   ![The Manage add-ins option is selected in classic Outlook on the web.](../images/outlook-sideload-web-manage-integrations.png)
    >

>     >   Note that your organization may include its own logo in the mailbox toolbar, so you might see something slightly different than shown in the preceding images.

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion:

```suggestion
    >   Note that your organization may include its own logo in the mailbox toolbar, so you might see something slightly different from what is shown in the preceding images.
```

    ![The Get Add-ins button is selected in Outlook on Mac.](../images/outlook-sideload-mac-classic.png)

    > [!TIP]
    > If you don't see **Get Add-ins** in your version of Outlook, select the ellipsis button (`...`) from the ribbon, then select **Get Add-ins**.
    >

>     > ![The Get Add-ins option is selected from the ellipsis button in Outlook on Mac.](../images/outlook-sideload-new-mac.png)

Reviewer: The image in step 4 (and the other tab's step 3) says the dialog title is "Custom Addins". We should update to match. Also, do they plan to fix that in the UI?

Author: Fixed. I'm not sure if it's on their backlog to get it fixed. I can follow up.
